💪  1.10.2 (#1406)
cloudflare/wrangler: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 💪 1.10.2

- ### Fixes

>   - **Fixes bug preventing `wrangler publish` from deleting over 10000 keys - [ashleymichal], [issue/1398] [pull/1400]**

Reviewer: need to add links here for the PRs, issues, and author - otherwise these won't go anywhere

>     In 1.10.0 we removed the limit on bulk KV PUT and DELETE operations by batching the values but accidentally left situations where you would still run into a limit. Now with some refactoring all batched operations use the same logic and have the same behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In 1.10.0 we removed the limit on bulk KV PUT and DELETE operations by batching the values but missed batched deletes for Workers Sites. Now with some refactoring all batched operations use the same logic and have the same behavior.
```

Reviewer: generally like to be as specific as possible with these 😄

# Changelog

## 💪 1.10.2

- ### Fixes

  - **Fixes bug preventing `wrangler publish` from deleting over 10000 keys - [ashleymichal], [issue/1398] [pull/1400]**

>     In 1.10.0 we removed the limit on bulk KV PUT and DELETE operations by batching the values but missed batched deletes for Workers Sites. Now with some refactoring all batched operations use the same logic and have the same behavior.

Reviewer 2: little thing, but maybe we could link to 1.10.0/the specific change here? i have kind of a vague sense of what "bulk KV operations" mean but might be nice to improve the paper trail here

Reviewer 2: oh, saw this just got merged! feel free to ignore this

Author: Yeah sorry, I totally missed this but that's a good idea. Next release I'll add a suggestion to link the PR.

    [pull/285]: https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler/pull/285

  - **Refactor: Conditional per command in main - [ashleymichal], [pull/279]**

    The `src/main.rs` file in Wrangler has been rewritten so that the layout of the file is easier to read.

>     [ashleymichal]: https://github.com/ashleymichal

Reviewer: good catches on these 😄
